Quadlet documentation and improvements (#1192)
lldap/lldap: example_configs/podman-quadlets/readme.md

## Installing the quadlet lldap user service

The following assumes you have a working podman installation.

> - Copy the .containers, .volume and .network files to `~/.config/containers/systemd/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copy the `lldap.containers`, `lldap.volume` and `lldap.network` files to `~/.config/containers/systemd/`
```

Better to be explicit than ambiguous.

- Create the necessary secrets: `lldap-jwt-secret`, `lldap-key-seed`and `lldap-ldap-user-pass`
    - Podman allows several different methods to create secrets; here, it will be done purely from the command line. Don't forget to replace the secret values with something actually secret.

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```

>         $ echo 'your-first-secret-here' | podman secret create lldap-jwt-secret -
>         $ echo 'your-second-secret-here' | podman secret create lldap-key-seed -

Reviewer: Is this a long-term storage? Can you (safely) query the secrets in the future? If so, I would suggest directly generating them in the CLI, something like

```suggestion
        $ LC_ALL=C tr -dc 'A-Za-z0-9!#%&'\''()*+,-./:;<=>?@[\]^_{|}~' </dev/urandom | head -c 32 | podman secret create lldap-jwt-secret -
        $ LC_ALL=C tr -dc 'A-Za-z0-9!#%&'\''()*+,-./:;<=>?@[\]^_{|}~' </dev/urandom | head -c 32 | podman secret create lldap-key-seed -
```

That, or suggest to use the `generate_secrets.sh` script, that may be the best.

Author: Does that qualify for "safely"?

        $ echo 'your-third-secret-here' | podman secret create lldap-ldap-user-pass -
    ```
- At this point you should be able to start the container.
    - Test this with:

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```

        $ podman --user daemon-reload
        $ podman --user start lldap
        $ podman --user status lldap
    ```
    - If anything anomalous shows up in the log, I'm sorry. It's not you, it's really me.
    - Assuming it launched correctly, you should now stop it again.

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```

        $ podman --user stop lldap
    ```

> - Make any adjustments you feel are necessary to the networks file (because I have no clue what I'm doing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make any adjustments you feel are necessary to the networks file.
```

- Now all that's left to do is the [bootstrapping process](../bootstrap/bootstrap.md#docker-compose)
    - Prepare your bootstrapping config as for the manual process in `~/containers/lldap`

>     - Uncomment the lines in lldap.container pertaining to the bootstrap process (lines 61-65)

Reviewer: Usually it's more robust to refer to a section or a description rather than line numbers, in case the file changes.

Author: I've rephrased it a bit

    - Start the container:

>         ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ```bash
```

        $ podman --user daemon-reload
        $ podman --user start lldap
        ```
    - Attach a terminal to the container, and run bootstrap.sh

>         ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ```bash
```

        $ podman exec -ti lldap bash
        $ ./bootstrap.sh
        ```
- Once the bootstrapping is done, you comment out the lines in lldap.container regarding bootstrapping (61-65), stop the unit, reload the daemon, and start it again.

> - LLDAP is available to any unit that includes the lldap-frontend network. (? I think)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- LLDAP should be available to any unit that includes the lldap-frontend network.
```

>     - If your outside-facing webserver is in a quadlet too, add `Network=lldap-frontend.network` in its quadlet file and make the necessary adjustments to the server configs. Or rename LLDAP's frontend network to a network useful to your webserver, if that is an organizational principle that is aesthetic to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If your outside-facing webserver is in a quadlet too, make sure they share a network, e.g. by adding `Network=lldap-frontend.network` in its quadlet file and making the necessary adjustments to the server configs.
```

- lldap.service
- lldap-db.service
- lldap-db-volume.service
- lldap-frontend-network.service
- lldap-backend-network.service

Starting lldap.service and lldap-db.service always creates a fresh container. Stopping destroys the container.
Stopping the volume or network service **does not** destroy the associated volume or network.
If you want to customize the network, we suggest uncommenting the `NetworkDeleteOnStop` line in the network file before starting the lldap service for the first time. Once you have done so, stopping the network's services will allow you to modify the network properties. Otherwise, you must remove the network(s) manually with Podman. If you erase the volume, you will loose your database of users and will need to bootstrap lldap again.

Starting `lldap.service` will start all the other services, but stopping it will not stop the other services.

### Instructions

- Copy `lldap-db.container`, `lldap.container`, `lldap-db.volume`, `lldap-frontend.network`, and `lldap-backend.network` to `~/.config/containers/systemd/`
- Adjust the line `Environment=LLDAP_LDAP_BASE_DN=dc=example,dc=com` in `lldap.container` to match your domain name.

>     - The default value suppose your domain is "example.com"

Reviewer: "Assumes" instead of "suppose"

- Create the necessary secrets: `lldap-jwt-secret`, `lldap-key-seed`, and `lldap-ldap-user-pass`.
    - Podman allows several different methods to create secrets; here, it will be done purely from the command line. Don't forget to replace the secret values with something actually secret.
    ```bash
        $ LC_ALL=C tr -dc 'A-Za-z0-9!#%&'\''()*+,-./:;<=>?@[\\]^_{|}~' </dev/urandom | head -c 32 | podman secret create lldap-jwt-secret -
        $ LC_ALL=C tr -dc 'A-Za-z0-9!#%&'\''()*+,-./:;<=>?@[\\]^_{|}~' </dev/urandom | head -c 32 | podman secret create lldap-key-seed -

>         $ echo 'your-third-secret-here' | podman secret create lldap-ldap-user-pass -

Reviewer: Maybe "your-admin-password"?

Author: Done
